Zhang Fuqiang, why didn't my brother come?
Lord Qianto just came back
Dinner with the mayor
I got the news and it's already on its way.
I'm one step ahead
Who dares to bully Wang Qianhu's family?
Zhang Fu will be his Lu Wushuang
Not only did he tie up five Wang Longs
Humiliate us in every way
Not only humiliate us
And said my brother was a watchdog
Dare to bully Wang Qianhu's family
Dare to insult Wang Qianhu as a watchdog
I see you are tired of living
You are the father of a thousand households
He is also a member of the Peerless Army
We should distinguish between good and evil
How can it be so black and white?
unreasonable
I am the reason
I see that you are a bit pretty
Wait until I solve this kid
Take you back
Let the brothers have a good time too